README.md, before:

# Swiftmailer Image Embed Plugin

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Hexanet/swiftmailer-image-embed.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/Hexanet/swiftmailer-image-embed) [![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/hexanet/swiftmailer-image-embed/downloads.png)](https://packagist.org/packages/hexanet/swiftmailer-image-embed) [![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/hexanet/swiftmailer-image-embed/v/stable.png)](https://packagist.org/packages/hexanet/swiftmailer-image-embed)

Swiftmailer plugin to automatically embed images into message.

## Installation

```
composer require hexanet/swiftmailer-image-embed
```

## Usage

```php
use Hexanet\Swiftmailer\ImageEmbedPlugin;

$mailer = new Swift_Mailer($yourTransport);

$mailer->registerPlugin(new ImageEmbedPlugin());
```

## Credits

Developed by the [Dev Team](http://teamdev.hexanet.fr) of [Hexanet](http://www.hexanet.fr/).

## License

[Swiftmailer Image Embed Plugin](https://github.com/Hexanet/swiftmailer-image-embed) is licensed under the [MIT license](LICENSE).

Commit message:

updated readme for symfony usage

README.md, after:

# Swiftmailer Image Embed Plugin

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Hexanet/swiftmailer-image-embed.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/Hexanet/swiftmailer-image-embed) [![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/hexanet/swiftmailer-image-embed/downloads.png)](https://packagist.org/packages/hexanet/swiftmailer-image-embed) [![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/hexanet/swiftmailer-image-embed/v/stable.png)](https://packagist.org/packages/hexanet/swiftmailer-image-embed)

Swiftmailer plugin to automatically embed images into message.

## Installation

```
composer require hexanet/swiftmailer-image-embed
```

## Usage

```php
use Hexanet\Swiftmailer\ImageEmbedPlugin;

$mailer = new Swift_Mailer($yourTransport);

$mailer->registerPlugin(new ImageEmbedPlugin());
```

or for symfony in your services.yml:
```yml
    hexanet.swiftmailer.image_embed_plugin:
        class: Hexanet\Swiftmailer\ImageEmbedPlugin
        tags:
            - { name: swiftmailer.default.plugin }
        arguments: ['%kernel.root_dir%/../web/']
```

The arguments are optional.

## Credits

Developed by the [Dev Team](http://teamdev.hexanet.fr) of [Hexanet](http://www.hexanet.fr/).

## License

[Swiftmailer Image Embed Plugin](https://github.com/Hexanet/swiftmailer-image-embed) is licensed under the [MIT license](LICENSE).
